Insert/Edit expression button - display properties (#8980)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

  mixing QGIS expressions and html styles and tags (multiline, fonts, images, hyperlink, tables, ...).
  You can check the result of your code sample in the :guilabel:`Preview` frame
  (also convenient for previewing the :guilabel:`Display name` output).
  Additionally, you can select and edit existing expressions
  using the :guilabel:`Insert/Edit Expression` button. 
  

> .. note::

Reviewer: IMHO it will not be clear to someone reading this later, out of the PR context, that this refers to the "insert/edit expression" tool. I made some suggestions here and below but feel free to go with anything more obvious...

```suggestion
.. note:: Logic of the :guilabel:`Insert/Edit Expression` button
```

  If you select some text within an expression (between "[%" and "%]"),
  or if no text is selected but the cursor is inside an expression,

>   the whole expression will be automatically selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the whole expression will be automatically selected for editing.
```
?

  If the cursor is outside an expression, or if an entire expression is already selected,

>   the selection will remain as is.

Reviewer: Also the note belongs to the HTML maptip bullet point only so the block should be indented accordingly.

>   If the cursor is outside an expression, or if an entire expression is already selected,
>   the selection will remain as is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the cursor or a selected text is outside an expression, the dialog opens with the selection.
```
I consider that "selecting an entire expression" is already a subset of "select some text within an expression". and what could be highlighted is that if ever something is out of the expression block, then you get the dialog with 0 or the selection.
